let's face it
now the slightest feeling
rotation
bye
thirsty lemon steel dr. Jeff comes oh
he's an older guy I'm just Andrew oh wow
hello just Andrew sniper dr. Jeff code
to send somebody
did you like the music oh I it it was
nice nice Oh wasn't supposed to be nice
it was supposed to be jagged yeah tag is
good oh well a music critic and a
gentleman's oh not really the other
locks busted Oh Andrew good you're here
shut off the machine oops oops just
kidding ah you must be dusty dr. Austin
at the University speaks very highly of
you nice to meet you dr. Jeff coat
Andrew he's not that old oh I I I never
really I dusty allow me to introduce you
to some of the astronomy equipment huh
andrew is there something I can help you
with no wow the baxley telemetric
refracting scope oh the suckers awesome
professor baxley couldn't have said it
better uh Andrew uh would you mind oh ok
hey I'm gone no problem thanks to the
lift yeah
Clemens I need some money the concepts
almost sold out sorry pal you trying to
save some bucks I'm thinking of asking
someone out you met a girl a woman
almost 20 she's a kind of different if
she's got dumb wild red hair real pretty
yeah how'd you know hi oh hey dr. Jeff
co told me am I find over here she
didn't give me a lift home oh love to
great oh no I can't I just remembered I
have to help dr. Shane is lad this
afternoon hmm no problems pal I'll cover
you help dr. J please come on not a
total cretin you know go hey Doc what's
happening her whores Andrew he's
supposed to be helping me well he had
something else to do with so I'm filling
this thing is awesome what is it
actually it's a kinetic micro integrated
aggregate skeletal musculature oversized
er climb aboard hmm not so fast looks
like a little hazard pay might be called
for here Kirk I assure you this
apparatus is perfectly safe okay five
bucks an hour not a penny more
the Andrew would have
I live on the other side of the park I
know but this is a great shortcut this
is a special place for me come on must
be nice to have a special place if we
moved around a lot I don't really have
one now you do hey I see why you like
this place it's not the same with you
here I mean it's better but it's like
discovering it all over again you know
being with you makes me feel the same
way
Andrew where did you come from
what's wrong
no one's ever given me flowers before
there's a first time for everything
do you like to dance to South the
groucho oh not me not on no way I do not
dance
geez dark you think i can get a little
break what a break
you know what this thing needs Doc a
nice cold drink machine right about here
and all that thirst quenching goodness
could just slide down that hard-working
exercisers parts to level throat Kirk
the day I would put such a cockamamie
hairbrained pointless suggestion into
actions the day I would give up credit
for virtually revolutionising
physiotherapy as we now know it said uh
no thanks this is great every restaurant
should be like this no no no every house
should be like this nobody ever get
yelled at for rocking back in their
chairs cuz there wouldn't be any mm-hmm
I'm being goofy aren't I know you're
very refreshing I like that a Moroccan
family's day is centered around the meal
time therefore they try to make it as
comfortable as possible I can't believe
you know all this it's hard not to pick
up a few things when you travel a lot my
dad was a diplomat you've been to
Morocco mm-hmm two weeks in Marrakesh
crosby Stills and Nash Marrakesh Express
I was on that train no and you orient
express on the bullet train you know
that that little training Disneyland 12
times oh this looks great what is it's
called bestia it's kind of a chicken pie
with powdered sugar on top sounds great
Oh where's somewhere do you ever eat
with your hands does popcorn count
bye
now that it's done I hope you don't mind
I'll be the wine better put down in
words how wonderful life is when you're
in the world oh I had a wonderful time
tonight you had a wonderful time I had
the best time I ever had in my life ever
oh you're very special and Andrew
good night
I hope you do
dr. J we gotta talk all right Andrew
just give me a minute I have to get this
thing fixed dr. J Andrew get down here I
can't ever since my date last night I've
lost all control over my packers you
should see me I was walking on air I was
really walking on air anybody see you
what happened I I was just thinking of
his grill Andrew we have to get your
mind off this girl how she's all i can
think of we'll focus your mind on
something else ok ok I'll try uh ha
let's see y'all I school good math
equations up figures it Oh dr. James
she's got a great figure think of
kissing your aunt Zelda the one with the
mustache thanks dr. Julie Andrew you're
gonna have to keep your emotions under
control who is this girl dusty my dusty
I thought I would have been born sniff
and I loved it it told you it's like
comics for grown-ups so uh where to now
now I go to work work but it but it's
night well dr. J wants me to do the
field tests on the Astra meter tonight
you want to come whoa yeah I'm gonna be
late is that ok ok I don't have to check
in with my mom ok huh you should have
seen Andrew when he left here floating
on cloud nine he was floating well you
know excited oh it's a big deal to wear
attacks and go to the Opera mmm yes I
remember that feeling going out with
that special girl special girl what do
you mean special I mean he likes her
where Lee told me he likes her but he
didn't say like sir well there's a lot
to like really she's a bit of a free
spirit I suppose but a fine woman dead
girl did it she's 19 how'd you get so
good at this stuff 12 years at the best
boarding schools in Switzerland thought
you traveled with your family no I just
saw them on vacation and then it was
back to the slammer hmm no wonder you
love your freedom
nobody's ever picked up on that before
it's 2 a.m. where is she doing these
tests anyway I have no idea any part
will do any dark park see that blue star
up there that's my special star every
night I look up at it wish that I was
out of school I guess that's how I fell
in love with astronomy yeah I guess be
pretty easy to fall in love uh looking
at that star see that bright yellow and
over there that's a great star to make a
wish on you making a wish
Andrew I know I know I know I didn't
phone I mean I wanted to phone but that
would have been the old Andrew the kid
not me thanks for having faith mom where
have you been at the top of the universe
I've been there I've touched the highest
stars aunt Zelda and Zelda I I was in
high park Oh mom you should have seen
the sunrise there it was so beautiful
almost as beautiful as my little sister
he definitely delirious just imagine
months ago I'd have been grounded for
staying out but now I'm a free spirit
yeah with grass stains on his tux
the Stevens jeffcoat Frank a sizer Kirk
okay okay I'll put your name sup cash
hey a drink a size are great idea dr.
Jay this jagged Clemens oh yeah it's
dusty sh-she give it to you last night
or this morning premise well man knowing
i'm going to andrew i wish you wouldn't
take this dusty thing too seriously oh
it's just that these romantic liaison
seem wonderful at the moment but before
you know it they're over no no not this
time I can feel it dr. J this one's
forever Andrew I think there's something
you should know about dusty huh you're
gonna tell me about dusty it came as a
surprise to me too Dusty's been awarded
a fellowship at an observatory in chile
in a few days she'll be leaving for
South America
hey and you where were you I had some
things to do I've been waiting for you
Andrew what's the matter why didn't you
tell me tell you tell you what about
Chile oh great news isn't it no no what
are you talking about that Observatory
is one of the best on the planet you
should be excited for me well I'm not I
don't want you to go Andrew if you
wanted to go to Chile I'd be happy for
you you would of course I would it's a
chance of a lifetime can't you see that
sure I I just well I mean when I heard I
guess it is a chance of a lifetime huh
hmm look how about it going away dinner
tonight the moroccan place i want you to
eat my mom and sister it's a deal
Stephanie I have to compliment you
people are so relaxed I would have
thought you'd be on pins and needles
meeting dusty well what I mean is she
kept them out all night oh but what I
mean is she Benjamin I know what you
mean I'm a mature adult and I deal with
every situation as a mature adult can
they come cradle robber rock video ah
mom Erin this is dusty hi Erin hi
Stephanie Andrews told me so much about
you a real estate community work theater
you live life to the max dr. Wolfgang
dr. Harris all the top names are gonna
be there astrophysicists even astronauts
Oh Chile is gonna be a blast well I'm
dying to hear how this adventure turns
out don't worry will stamp postcards
every week
oh I'm going to Chile with dusty Andrew
no excuse me
dusty wait Andrew let her go let her go
what are you talking about I think she
needs some time I don't want you to get
hurt that's not it you just hate to see
me grow up don't you Andrew that's
ridiculous love is it a complex thing
and sometimes love what do you know
about love you're just an old bachelor
dusty
you said you wouldn't stand in my way if
I wanted to go to Chile what I meant was
I wouldn't interfere with something that
was as important to you as chilly as to
me well fine yours important to me is
chilly I'm going to work in an
observatory they don't take guests look
you're the only thing in the world that
made me feel like an adult when what I
think about you it's it's it's like I
love you
Andrew I love you too but it's different
look I didn't mean to hurt you I'm sorry
you
dr. Jeff code Andrew ah look last night
I said some terrible things and I
understand no apology needed no there is
I'm sorry well alright apology accepted
I know you probably feel like you're the
only person to ever suffer a broken
heart but trust me you're not dr. Jane I
know I know what's an old bachelor like
me know about heartbreak lots how do you
think we get to be old bachelors I blew
it she was the best thing that ever
happened to me and I blew it will be so
hard on yourself sometimes these things
just aren't meant to be I'd even get to
say goodbye well you're not too late
she's on the three o'clock bus to the
airport if you hurry you can catch her
hey kid what do you think you're doing
it's an emergency I had to see you I'm
glad you did look the UH the time we
spent together what's real important to
me I just wanted to say thanks and good
luck look this are you on the bus are
you off it will always have that special
matter yeah I guess we will and I guess
we'll always have this too
no morning um honey I wanted to talk to
you last night but thought you might
like some time by yourself about what
well I know you had a very emotional
week and well I Creek Creek sure what's
up to reassure you that all the beach
she wanted she look great heartbreak in
a lifetime but well after a while the
hurt goes away and okay okay i'll pick
you up in 10 oh mama Kirk I on the beach
I'm sorry were you saying something no
you just have a good time